[Microsoft Outlook Calendar] add outlook calendar connector with documentation, test cases & samples (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.outlook.calendar: calendar/Package.md

Connects to Microsoft Outlook Calendar from Ballerina

### Package Overview
The `outlook.calendar` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Outlook Calendar.
This package provides the capability to easily access Outlook Calendar.

#### Compatibility
|                               | Version               |
|-------------------------------|-----------------------|
| Ballerina Language Version    | **Swan Lake Beta 1**  |
| API Version                   | **v1.0**              |

### Report Issues

> To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina connector repository](link)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Microsoft calendar connector repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.outlook.calendar)
```

Author: Changed as above. Thanks

Connects to Microsoft Outlook Calendar from Ballerina

### Package overview

> The `outlook.calendar` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Outlook Calendar.

Reviewer 2: Let's use the connector name. 
Microsoft Outlook Calendar

Author: Changed. /Thanks

> This package provides the capability to easily access Outlook Calendar.

Reviewer 3: This introduction should have some value. All come here know the above information.

Author: Yeah.I will change the introduction. Shall we change the Documentation guideline?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19235998/126935888-bf371d4b-1608-4814-b828-95d627879262.png)

Author: changed the Intro. Added a comment in the doc. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WZg1ix9MpKDTQ_OOm3NVqhQ5L0VGNaUQ1LRmjp-SMO4/edit?disco=AAAANWCuYwk

> 

Reviewer 3: Somewhere we need to point to module.md file. In overview, we do not provide much detail, but we need to point where this info is. @Chuhaa where should that come?

Reviewer: In the package.md, we don't provide it manually as central has the API document link in the page.

Author: Yeah. Let's go with that approach then.

> This package provides the capability to easily create appointments & events, organize meetings, manage user's calendar etc.

Reviewer 2: create appointments, create events, organize meetings, manage a user's calendar, etc.

Author: Corrected as above /Thanks

#### Compatibility
|                                 | Version                         |
|---------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Ballerina Language              | Ballerina Swan Lake Beta2       |
| Microsoft Outlook Calendar API  | v1.0                            |

> ### Report issues

Reviewer 2: Use level ## heading

Author: Changed /Thanks

To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Microsoft calendar repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.outlook.calendar)

> ### Useful links

Reviewer 2: Use ## heading

Author: Changed /Thanks

Author: Corrected in Module. md as well.
/Thanks
